# DH150_assignment_5

The HealthTap app is specifically designed in order to aid users with their medical qualms. It provides instant help from more than 140,000 top doctors on your phone or tablet. It also allows user to pay for a virtual consult by video, voice or text with a primary care doctor 24/7. This app is extremely crucial for people of all ages because it allows them to gain access to medical care much more easily and efficiently. It satisfies the most basic physiological need. This app helps people gain medical attention and resolve their symptoms with the touch of a couple buttons. In the past, individuals would have to seek out medical help and have to be physically present at doctors appointments and such even for less drastic ailments. With the app, doctors and technology are able to work together to help the user from the comfort of their home. 


The targeted audience for this app would be rather large. From young adults to senior citizens this app could be used to better their lives and help them gain medical help more efficiently. This app revolves around comfort and is designed to help users receive aid all while still in the comfort of their homes or work. By allowing medical assistance to be at their fingertips, the app reduces the amount of effort the users must exert in order to figure out what their symptoms are or connect with a professional through their insurance. 


For this user research I will be conducting an interview that is primarily participant observation. We will be meeting up in the library at a study room I had reserved ahead of time. This allows for a distraction-free environment where the user is able to perform day to day tasks and I can interact with them more clearly. While conducting this interview I will be mainly watching for how a college student tackles issues such as booking a doctor's appointment or figuring out what their symptoms mean. I will also be able to monitor what features would be most attractive to the user and which features they are less likely to use. Because I have already spoken with the user I will be testing, I know they are not comfortable being recorded so I will be using a pen and paper to take notes during this interview. 


Transcript of Interview: 

For the first task I asked the user to look symptoms they had such as a fever, headache, and runny nose so that they could determine what was causing these symptoms. They used the search engine Google and they found that they were overwhelmed by many various causes and reasons. From pollution to cancer, they found that they were bombarded by many various sites. One thing that they did however enjoy about the google search engine was that they were able to find alternative remedies for their ailments and they were able to look at other peoples experiences with similar symptoms. Overall, they found it very easy to diagnose their symptom even though it was overwhelming and daunting at first. 

For the second task I asked them to look for a primary care doctor near them to check out the symptoms they had and find a way to consult or contact the doctor. Because I did not want them to actually book an appointment I asked them to find me a rough estimate as to how long it would take for them to speak with a doctor. This task they found extremely difficult and they were struggling to navigate the process. For starters, they were unsure of what health insurance they had and how to check if the primary care doctors they found would be covered under their insurance. They also recalled how they often spent days waiting for an appointment and how it would be difficult to schedule something with a doctor. 

The last task that I asked them to perform was to plan a care guide for themselves. At first they were unsure of what a care guide even meant. After I gave them a rough definition of a care guide, they were unsure of where to look or how to come up with an approach. Maybe it was due to the frustration from the last task as well but they gave up on this task extremely quickly and did not want to pursue it further. 


Reflection
	Overall, it is evident that the HealthTap app can be used to benefit the lives of many who are unaware of how to or unable to receive professional medical help. For many, the steep rates of health care or the lack of accessibility to professionals may be daunting and may cause them to hesitate while seeking for help. While watching my user navigate the tasks that many had to perform daily, it was evident that that they were unable to easily perform many of the tasks. After seeing this, it seems the app seems to be tailored to help users with their individuals lives and even the goals that they have set for themselves. Just from the design aspect, the logo and color scheme of the app provides a calming experience for the user. The individual especially pointed out the convenience of having the tabs be separated and having the larger icons be tasks that were used more frequently. It is interesting to see how this app can be used in numerous different ways and while its main function is for medical help, users are also able to find ways to make it unique and adaptable to their own lifestyle. 
